Thank you so much for wanting to learn more about me! I started my computer science journey in high school taking a computer science course not knowing anything about computer science other than 'it involves some coding'. Now fast forward about six years, I've graduated from Western University with a bachelor of science degree specializing in Computer Science going through lots of course work learning about data structures, software architecture, databases and object-oriented design just to name a few courses. 

I was also fortunate enough to obtain a sixteen month internship at J.D. Power as a QA Analyst. At J.D. Power, I was working in two teams: the build team and the sustain team. I spent the majority of my time in the sustain team where I was mostly working on support tickets for any issue that would arise ranging from a simple numbers check to determining if an entire environment is stable and all functionality is working up to expectation. I also spent a couple of months on the build team when they were a bit shortstaffed and needed someone to adjust quickly to the environment and help out. During my time with the build team, I was responsible with testing a program called the 'Admin SNI' which outlines all of the different parts a selected car would have available. This was a fun and interesting challenge because I needed to think creatively and come up with test cases which involved every functionality that could go wrong. I also had to compare any car model with its data in the database which really helped me get better with SQL. Overall,  I thoroughly enjoyed my sixteen months at JD Power because of the opportunity to interact with countless great team members and going through the weird bugs that are thrown our way together were core memories and experiences I’ll never forget.

In my spare time, I possess lots of hobbies such as finding new projects to work on, watching tv shows/movies, playing video games, spending time with friends and family, and working out and staying active (couldn't play too much sports because of a torn acl but that's a story for another day). Below, you'll see what projects I've completed, what I'm currently working on and my socials. Feel free to contact me if you'd like to know more about me!